Witness the first-ever Higher-Ed Summit on Drupal and Open Source at IIT Bombay, Feb 18th 2016.
View this email in your browser


Dear Academic Lead,

 
We invite you to join the Drupal Higher-Ed Summit to be held in Mumbai on 18th Feb 2016. The event focuses on the Drupal and Open Source in Education.

Did you know ? 

 

    26% of all .edu sites use Drupal
    71 of the top 100 universities like Harvard, Duke, MIT, Oxford, Princeton, UC Berkeley, Stanford, McGill, and many more use Drupal

 

Drupal Rules EDUCATION 

Drupal Higher-Ed Summit, is the first of its kind in the region to bring together top academicians and university leads in IT under one roof to strengthen and promote Drupal Open Source Community while collaborating effectively on how Drupal and related technologies can be used and promoted in educational institutions.
Register Now
Key Highlights

    Zach Chandler, Technology strategist at Stanford University, will talk on state of Open Source and Drupal in Education
    Vishal Mehrotra, Global Head Open Source Technology Platform and Solutions at TATA Consultancy Services, will present the state of Open Source and Drupal in Industry 
    Case Study on "How IIT Bombay and Stanford University are using Drupal to run and manage the University web infrastructure.
    Discussion groups on topics related to Open Source in Education
    Learn and participate in  Drupal Campus Ambassador Program , A community initiative to bring Drupal and Open Source in Education.
    Excellent networking opportunity 

 
A plethora of opportunities waits to be discovered and utilized to its optimum ability at the Summit.  Learn More

    Further details about the Higher-Ed Summit can be seen here: https://goo.gl/EZFMd2
    You might also be interested in attending Drupal Conference https://events.drupal.org/asia2016 

If you are unable to come, please request other appropriate persons in your organisation to register for the summit and/or the conference.
Register Now
Register now at discounted price of INR 1300/- , We have limited seats, Please signup early to secure your summit pass. Ticket includes lunch and coffee/tea breaks. 14.50% tax will be added to the ticket price.

Regards,
Rachit Gupta
Organizer, Higher-Ed Summit 
E-Mail : rachit.gupta@drupalmumbai.org 
Copyright 2016 Higher-Ed Summit, DrupalCon Asia, All rights reserved.
You are receiving this email because you have participated in Drupal Camps or have showed interest for events associated with Open Source and Drupal.

Our mailing address is-
Higher-Ed Summit, DrupalCon Asia
Hiranandani Gardens, Powai
Powai 400076
India

Add us to your address book


Want to change how you receive these emails?
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe from this list

Email Marketing Powered by MailChimp


-- 
Regards
Administrator
Spoken Tutorial Project
IIT Bombay
